capital cities conference to me is a
place where even from a lot of different
backgrounds meet it's about the cities
of future in terms of virtual cities
also you can see it right here there are
300 attendees and they are interested in
like the future of urban living is
something yeah you can see that there
the interest like huge
there's no engine so you do not eat
anything and yeah you just shift to deep
drive yeah and then the right thing is
how much in Greece at the moment okay
and when you brake you can see the
teacher it charges a little bit back
mobility is to me having the freedom to
go anywhere I want and the way I want
the vast majority of the the innovation
comes what month it comes up from the
street top-down control can't react fast
enough to modern technology